Carnivorous plant
Carnivorous plants are plants which get nutrients from trapping and eating animals. They are often called insectivorous plants, because they usually trap insects. Since they get some of their food from animals, carnivorous plants can grow in places where the soil is thin, or poor in nutrients. This is true for soils with little nitrogen, such as acidic bogs and rock outcrops. Charles Darwin wrote the first well-known book on carnivorous plants in 1875. This ability of plants to catch animals is true carnivory. There are more than twelve genera in five families. These include about 625 species that attract and trap prey, produce digestive enzymes, and use their nutrients. In addition, there are more than 300 species in several genera that show some but not all of these characteristics. These are usually called protocarnivorous plants.

Epidemiology
Epidemiology is the study of how diseases affect the health and illness of populations. It aims to act in the interest of public health and preventive medicine. It also important in public health research. It identifies risk factors for disease and suggests best treatment methods in clinical practice. Epidemiologists start from outbreak investigation to study design, data collection and analysis. They use statistical models to test hypotheses and they document results. Epidemiologists also study the interaction of diseases in a population. Epidemiologists use biology (to better understand disease processes), statistics (to design and understand good studies), computers (to store data and map disease patterns) and social science disciplines, to understand "big picture" causes. Epidemiology means "the study of what is upon the people". The word derived from the Greek terms epi = upon, among; demos = people, district; logos = study, word, discourse. It applies only to human populations. But the term is used in studies of zoological populations 'epizoology', and plant populations.

The Lightning Thief
Percy Jackson is a 12 year old boy. He has ADHD and dyslexia. He has been thrown out of many schools. On a trip with his mother, he meets his friend Grover, a satyr (half-goat, half-human). Grover tells Percy's mother that Percy must go to a camp. When they drive towards the camp, a Minotaur (monster) attacks them and grabs Percy's mother. She dissolves into gold sparkles of light, but Grover and Percy escape. Percy later wakes up. He learns that he is in Camp Half-Blood, which is a secret training camp for demigods. Percy has to live in the Hermes cabin because he does not know which god his father is. He is under the care of Luke Castellan, the cabin counselor (leader). During a game, the children of the war god Ares attack Percy. He is healed when he steps into a river. When Poseidon's trident appears above his head, Percy learns that he is Poseidon's son. After World War II, Poseidon, Hades and Zeus made an oath (promise) not to have any more children because they were too powerful. However, Poseidon broke the oath by having Percy. Chiron tells Percy to find Zeus' master lightning bolt. Chiron thinks Hades stole the bolt. However, Zeus discovers that Poseidon has broken his oath, and thinks Poseidon told Percy to steal the bolt. He tells Percy that he has ten days until the summer solstice to find it. Before leaving, Luke gives Percy magic shoes. Percy gives them to Grover. Annabeth (a daughter of Athena) and Grover join Percy in his quest to find the bolt. They decide to travel west to reach the entrance to the Underworld, which is in Los Angeles. They meet many Greek monsters. They also meet Ares. Ares tells Percy that his mother is alive. When they come near the pit of Tartarus, Luke’s shoes try to pull Grover into it, but he escapes. Percy meets Hades, who also thinks Percy stole the Master Bolt. He also thinks Percy stole his Helm of Darkness. Percy knows that Ares has tricked him when he finds the bolt in his backpack. He runs away from the Underworld. He has to leave his mother there. Percy fights and defeats Ares by hurting the god's heel. Ares gives Percy the Helm of Darkness. Percy gives it back to Hades. Olympus is now present at the top of the Empire State Building in New York City. Percy arrives there to give the master bolt to Zeus. Percy goes back to camp after hearing that his mother is alive. He meets Luke, who says that he stole the bolt for Kronos. He calls a poisonous scorpion which stings and nearly kills Percy. Percy kills the scorpion first. Chiron cures Percy, who leaves camp. He goes to a new school and stays with his mother instead of staying at camp.

Maha Al Muneef
Maha Al Muneef (Arabic: مها عبدالله المنيف) is a pediatrician from Saudi Arabia. She specializing in infectious diseases in children. Al-Muneef won an International Women of Courage Award in 2014. From 2009 to 2013, Al Muneef was a member of Saudi Arabia's Shura Council. Maha Al Muneef is the executive director of the National Family Safety Program (NFSP) in Saudi Arabia. Al Muneef worked to spread knowledge about domestic violence and child abuse. The NFSP was created in 2005 in order to combat domestic violence and child abuse in Saudi Arabia. The NFSP started support programs, gave information about the numbers of attacks on women and children in Saudi Arabia, and worked to help people who were attacked or hurt. In August 2013, the Council of Ministers of Saudi Arabia passed a new law to protect people who are attacked or hurt by members of their own family. Al Muneef and the NFSP helped to write the "Protection from Abuse" law. The law describes and explains the meaning of domestic violence and makes it illegal in Saudi Arabia for the first time. In 2014, Maha Al Muneef received the International Women of Courage Award. The US President Barack Obama presented the award to Al Muneef during his visit to Riyadh on March 29, 2014. Al-Muneer could not be at the March 4 ceremony in the United States for family health reasons. She received the award in a private ceremony at the Ritz Carlton hotel, where Obama stayed. Obama spoke about the importance of women's rights in Saudi Arabia, and the importance of helping the Saudi king understand this importance. Obama told Al-Muneef he was “so very, very proud of you and grateful for all the work you’re doing here." He added, “I’m looking forward to seeing you do even more wonderful things in the future.”

Pupusa
Pupusa is a traditional food of El Salvador. Every second Sunday of November is the national day of pupusas in El Salvador. People make pupusas with corn flour, beans, cheese, chicharrón (pork), or any filling. People usually eat pupusas at breakfast and dinner. It is eaten with tomato sauce and curtido.